May all beings be happy and free from suffering. May their happiness never be forgotten and may
they guide in their communities. Okay, I think we'll just do one time. And I posture the offering,
and ask you to remain. When there is small amount of virtue I have to be humane, I dedicate for the
enlightenment of all beings. And then, free from the arrows holding the lotus, a blazing sword of
perfect wisdom, and the skull cup of a Brahma, symbolizing freedom from emotions, filled with
a variety of beautiful fragrant flowers, all others are utterly subdued. I praise the one who is
beautified by wearing a snake as a Brahma cord.
[Music]